My stay at islam's place was really cool! Good location, 5min away from subway, then 10min from downtown. The room was nice, all place was clean. Islam managed pretty well our arrival, even if it was last minute ;) i do recommand this place to any airbnb user :)
Great location for both airport and city - great amenities in the house: Plus Islam was always very helpful even though he was away
We really enjoyed our stay at Islams house. From the outside the house didn't look so inviting but the inside was very nice! Even though Islam himself was not there everything was prepared for our arrival. The airport T Station is only a 5-10 min walk away. The only little issue was that all the people in the house had to share one bathroom. But it was not really a problem and it worked out fine. We would recommend Islams place for a stay in Boston.
The room was nice and clean and so were the commodities. Very close to the airport metro station and located in quite safe area. Islam responds very quickly and is very helpful. I would recommend it.
"Great location. Just 5 mins walk from the Airport Station. Good food nearby.
Room was simple, clean, just what I was after."
"A truely exeptional place to stay. The hosts are amazingly friendly, the rooms are spotless, and there is WiFi.
The location is superb: A Latin-American neighborhood close to the airport and just a few subway rides away from downtown. Highly recommened!
"
"It was a really nice time in Boston - best place to stay over in Boston !! Really nice and helpful hosts - taking there time to explain all the good things to see and how to come there.
We had a really nice time in Boston and they had a big part on that.
If you want to go out doing sth - just ask them and they may come with you.
Really nice and clean house - near to the airport and the subway station ( like 6 minutes away ). 

We had a really good time there and can just recommend it to anyone who want to have a comfortable and enjoyable place to stay in Boston for a good price. Thanks a lot.
"
"Islam is a very nice guy ! Attentive, funny, he gave me recommandation and info about boston ( nightlife, places to go and so on) 
His flat is clean, tidy and there is a patio which is a real plus! 
I DO recommand this, great experience !"
"The place is really well furnished, pleasant and clean. Islam was very helpful, you can feel free to ask him virtually anything and he'll help you. He was fun too, very cool talking to him. Oh, and the place is pretty conveniently located too. Highly recommended.

The neighbourhood might not be the cleanest in Boston (my gf liked Brooklyne much more in that matter), but this is a great location and price for value overall."
"Our stay at Islam's place was fantastic. We couldn't have asked for a better value on location and amenities. We felt very much at home and comfortable at his place and would be quick to stay with him again if we return to Boston!

Islam was always quick to respond to any questions or concerns we had and very accommodating at every point in our trip! Truly a wonderful place and a lovely host!"
"Our stay at Islam's was very enjoyable, Islam is a very kind and responsive host.
The room was clean and comfortable and the house is provided with all comforts: full kitchen, satellite TV, comfortable living room, excellent WIFI connection in all areas.
It is extremely conveniently located to downtown Boston (a few metro stops) and walking distance to the free shuttles connecting to the airport. "
"Communication with Islam and his brother was good. However, we arrived at their house and the toilet was completely plugged up and full of excrements. At this point, we were totally disgusted. We went out to town, which by train takes about 15mn plus 10mn walk to the station. We managed to speak with Islam brother. He fixed the problem when we came back by 4pm. 

The house is basic with thin walls and the bedrooms are minimum comfort. We were supposed to be on the basement, which I really don't recommend. Bad smell and the bed is for one person rather than two. We stayed in the upper room, as we though we were there. Nobody in the house except from one guest staying also in the upper level. 

Islam sent us an email during our stay, which we couldn't see as we didn't have a computer with us or the use of our smartphone. However, he told us to stay in the basement while no booking was made for the upper room. Not sure why he wanted us to stay in the basement where the room and bed were very basic, when he could have told us to stay in the room upstairs!

The fact that the owner wasn't there made it a strange feeling. The back door in the kitchen were not locked at all, while our luggage was in the house. We didn't got told at all. We had to put a bar across to kinda off close the sliding door but felt very unsafe as anybody could have walking in easily or made their way in.

All in all, things went fine by the end but we definitely not recommend the place unless the owner is there. If you are looking for a cheap place to stay and don't mind of those inconvenience, then you will like it.

A part from that Boston is a great city and we had fun!

"
Mi estadía en Boston aunque corta fue muy buena, la habitación excelente, muy limpia y ordenada, no tuve ningún inconveniente dentro de la casa. Si vuelvo a Boston volveré a buscarlos. Gracias!! 
"Well sized room for two people with the basic necessities which also included a mini fridge. Our room, the common areas and bathrooms were clean when we arrived. There were good kitchen facilities but we did not have to use them. 

Overall good value for a location that is close enough to downtown Boston. "
GREAT SPACE, PERFECT LOCATION, AWESOME PEOPLE!! Definately will be back!!!! 
The room was exactly as pictured, no frills, yet adequate for my needs. The street parking was nearly impossible to find,  but you can't expect much better in Boston. I'd recommend this room to others...
The room was clean and very comfortable. Having a key for this room also made it very safe. Getting to downtown is also very easy and fast. The whole is also very nice from the inside offering everything needed. I would definetly come back!
Izzy was great... had clear instructions and no problems entering the house... the neighborhood wasn't great though.
The place was really good, it is like 10 minutes from the airport so it was  perfect for me because i had a connection flight, the taxi will cost u max 15 dolars and if you go by shuttle is free, the house is very clean and the room was very confortable. The only thing is that i arrive and the owner wasnt there and i didnt read the instructions where he told me how to get in the house so i was waiting for about an hour, but if you read the instructions everything will be fine.
The host wasn't there, but it was fine. He left clear instructions, and we spent 2 good nights there. It was a room was in a shared house, where there happened to be some interesting people staying, so we got to chat with some awesome people. The neighborhood is ok, had some good Colombian food.
Izzy was a nice and helpful host with detailed directions. The room is in the basement and even though Izzy mentions it we somehow missed that detail and it has narrow stairs leading down to it which made it hard for us to carry our bags up and down. We are unfortunately traveling with really heavy bags. The place is in East Boston and is extremely convenient for the airport.
"We arrived late from the airport, so the location was very convenient, just a 5 min walk from the airport T station. Check-in was quick and easy and the room as described. It's also very close to downtown Boston. We had a perfect stay and would definitely stay there again.
"
Izzy was quick to reply to our request, and provided thorough instructions related to finding and entering the home. We loved the convenience of the location near the airport, as we weren't familiar with Boston, and landed late at night, so we didn't want to have to travel far or follow complicated directions to find the place. Although we never had any face-to-face contact with Izzy or anyone else in the home during our brief overnight stay, we felt comfortable there. Although we were assured that the neighborhood was safe, we were still feeling a bit on edge walking late at night from the Airport "T" station. Nonetheless, we made our way there without incident, and had a restful night of sleep before launching out the next day. Thanks, Izzy!
Everything is exactly as posted! super convenient + easy to find.
"We didn´t meet Izzy at all!!!! After we arrived nobody was there except some spanish speaking people.
Our room was disgusting!!! It smelted like mold and was very dirty!!!!
The Bathroom wasn´t cleaned either and my friend and i wanted to leave right after we came…
The Dryer or washer was not usable because the assistant from Izzy washed all the time.
The Neighborhood is not safe at all and every other morning u could hear people fight.
Don´t stay there!!!!!! It´s nothing like u would expect it! 
And it´s defenetly to expensive for this nasty place!!!! "
"I didn't get a chance to meet Izzy but I thought the system that was set up was really well done. Things went quite smoothly upon arrival as per the detailed instructions that were left. 

We managed to get the key from the lock box easily which was nice because it provided flexibility for whatever time we arrived. This place is extremely close to the airport. I've never stayed next door to the airport before. Less than a 5 min ride to Airport Station which was then a 5 min walk.

Place had everything. Felt very homely like staying at a friends. Location was amazing!! East Boston has some hidden gem restaurants and proximity to Airport subway station was key. No complaints about the room or bathroom.

Great setup Izzy!"
Izzy's assistant was a nice and helpful person. We stayed 7 days, kitchen had everything one needs to make good food even a mixer! Our room was in the cellar and therefore very private. One fight next door where we heard screaming and shouting but overall a very calm neighbourhood and friendly people.
Host wasn't there, but instructions were clear to find and get in the place. Convenient location and a decent neighborhood (safe but a bit run-down and not much around). The room was basic but had everything I needed.
Izzy's place was very convenient for getting to the airport. The room was cosy and clean. I was impressed with the tea selections. Izzy's friend was helpful and friendly. Definitely will come back when we have to fly out from Boston again!
"Well we were kind of annoyed to be honest. We chose the most expensive room in the house because we were meant to be the only ones on the bottom floor, and we were told we would get a computer...
Well we had his assistant sleep right outside our door and we did not have a computer. 
On top of that, every room had a TV but ours, and the tv in the living room did not get basic channels which frustrated us. 

The house was a mess up until the day we left, because izzy was apparently coming home that day, so his assistant decided to clean up. It was a totally different house upon checkout. 
His assistant was lovely, just not much help...
As far as The location goes, it is convenient to downtown and the airport, and has local shops and restaurants close by. 
We did enjoy our stay overall there was just more than enough frustrating elements.."
"We never met our host, but they were willing to book the room with little notice.  The room was clean.

There's a little cafe a few blocks up the street that made for a perfect breakfast.

We didn't realize that other people would be staying too, so when they came it was a little spooky until we met them."
It was a great place to stay. Quiet, clean and close to shops, airport and public transportation.  Would recommend and stay here again.
Overall a pleasing experience.  We flew into Boston for one night to go to a concert.  Izzy left straight forward and easy to read instructions on how to reach the flat, and enter.  The room was as pictured, and exactly what we needed for the night. Izzy was readily available to us by phone or text whenever we had any questions. The flat is really close to the airport, and only a small hop into the heart of Boston, it was very convenient for us! :)
"Boston is one of the best city's I have ever been.
Issy's place is good located, and nice. 
I would recommend this place for everybody!"
Clear directions.  Good neighborhood. Close to t station. Clean room. Quiet. Perfect!
The host actually gave us a place to sleep. It is really simple. Very close to subway was perfect. There have several problems the host needs to improve.
OK stay.  Perhaps best for those on the young/adventurous side of the spectrum!  There was a sign that said 'in the process of renovations'.   I think the second floor might be a little noisy some evenings, with 3 rooms up there. The one lower/ground floor room was quieter, but keep in mind not easily accessible with narrow winding stairs. Futon style bed.     The host was prompt with text message responses to questions about parking.  Parking in the neighborhood mid-day was easy but all streets were filled with parked/double parked cars by 5pm.  It was a fairly short walk to the Blue line train line - Airport station. 
"Izzy was very helpful with directions and he was easy to get in touch with, as I had some questions.  This is a great location that is a short walk to the airport shuttle.  The room is in the basement and it gets hot during the day.  The house has A/C upstairs, but this does not reach the basement room so it was pretty hot.  The neighborhood a little bit ethnic, which I didn't mind, but if this makes you uncomfortable you might want to look elsewhere.  I felt safe, and the lockbox system is secure.  

For a traveler like myself who had an early flight out of Logan, this was the cost effective option.  Can't beat the price for a location so close to the airport!"
This was ok it was easy with clear information on how getting in the house and it was very safe. The host wasn't there during the stay. The neighborhood is not so nice to hang out at night.
Izzy was out of the town when I stayed there. The location is very close to the airport, and the neighborhood is quiet and friendly.  I enjoyed my stay there and made a reservation for an additional night. 
Unfortunately, we can't agree with the many positive reviews. The house was easy to find and just a short 7 minute walk from the T-Station "Airport", but not what I would describe as clean. After arrival I started to clean a bit. E.g. the hob in the spacious kitchen, which you can use including all the inventory(and what's perfect for a nice breakfast), was kind of greasy and that didn't change during our three day stay. Sure this isn't a hotel and the guests are responsible for cleanliness as well, but the host takes a cleaning fee. If they would clean the house on a regular basis, it would be a nice accommodation, as we really liked the premises. Our basement room had a little fridge, a mirror, a tv and a luggage stand what we appreciated. Somehow we missed the "warm welcome" feeling  we experienced at other airbnb locations. 
"East Boston is very nice place, well connected to the whole city and all services needed at walking distance. 
The house is exactly as described, very easy to find and check in, lots of common space and nice environment. Izzy does not living in, but it's not a problem at all! He's very helpful and answered immediately to every need we had.
The house is clean, not so much the room in the basement."
We arrived late and left early in the morning but everything was good. Easy to find, good instructions,  comfortable bed.
"Izzy's room is a great value for an airport related stay. The convenience to the airport is even better than it seems in the description. 
The room was clean as were sheets and towels. 
The room could have benefitted from AC because it was August but Izzy gave us a powerful and quiet fan so we were okay."
Had a good experience overall. Short and sweet.
It was a pleasant stay although we didn't meet personally. The room was comfortable, the metro station is close and it is really fast to get into Boston so al together we had a great time there.
Izzy's home is conveniently located for anyone visiting Boston and we were made to feel very at home. The neighborhood appears sketchy and was uncomfortable to walk through at night. Still an overall positive experience.
Izzy's listing was as described, the room was perfect for our short stay at Boston. Although we never got to meet izzy, his brother made us feel more than welcome and helped us with anything we needed. The location was also good for us, only a few minutes from the tracks which took us straight in to Boston. 
It has a quiet, convenient and safe environment.I really enjoy the stay and the talking with our host who is very nice and helpful. 
"We had a great Time in Boston! We really enjoyed our stay at Izzys Place. The room was clean and the bed comfortable. There is only one bathroom in the house, but some how the bath wasnt usually blocked. We never had to wait long. 
You only Need About 5 Minutes to the t-station and only 3 Station to downtown, which was very nice. We can recommend izzys Place - thank for everything. Nora & Hannah "
"La maison située dans East Boston était sympathique, propre et non loin du métro (arrêt ""airport"" de la blue line).
La cuisine est bien équipée avec lave vaisselle, micro ondes, cafetière et autres!!
La chambre située en sous bassement était propre, grande, avec literie confortable et des rangements.
La situation de la chambre ne permet pas l'accès à des personnes à mobilité réduite (escaliers).
Nous avons passé 7 nuits agréables dans un quartier plutôt calme."
"Location is super convenient! Very short walk to the airport shuttle. Great restaurants in the area. (Try the Bandeja Paisa at El Penol 

A few mix ups due to my last-minute booking, but everything was made right very quickly. Great customer service. Not the fanciest place in the world, but perfect for the budget traveler.

Since other rooms in the home are also rented out through Airbnb, got to meet some other interesting travelers. "
The house was very easy to find (although it was my first time in the US and Boston) and really within walking distance of the airport. Everything was exactly as described, and we did not experience any problems during our stay (short as it was). We got a clean room with a comfortable bed, and the bathroom was also nice. If I have to stay in Boston for the night again and get back to the airport real quick, Izzy's house would be my first choice.
"I didn't meet Izzy, but his roommate was very nice and helpful.
The room is in a very good condition, clean and you have enough space. The location is safe and close to the metro station, it is very easy to find the house.
"
"good location close to the (URL HIDDEN) metro station
clean house and rooms.
I did not have the chance to meet the owner but he was though quiet responsive and reactive when needed."
De kamer wordt verhuurd via een "self-check in" systeem. Dat betekent dat wij tijdens ons verblijf Izzy niet hebben ontmoet. Het systeem werkte prima. De kamer was zoals op de foto, alleen het bed stond nu haaks op de muur. Het huis bevindt zich in een Latijns-Amerikaanse buurt en is makkelijk te bereiken vanaf het metrostation Airport. Je bent binnen een paar haltes in het centrum van Boston. Het enige minpunt aan de locatie is dat je altijd de metro moet gebruiken en niet naar het centrum kan lopen. 
"very close from the airport
clean
I could even do laundry with free of charge."
Really nice place. Exactly as the pictures displayed it. Very easy directions and simple directions to find it. Would definitely recommend it to anyone coming to Boston.
The house was in a very convenient location to the airport (we walked to the shuttle) and the bed/room was clean. Not a great neighborhood, but again it was booked to be close to our early morning flight.
Hard tofind parking.  One night's sleep is alright.  We didn't get to use the one only bathroom, which is shared by all.  There are 4 rooms with a total of 8 people, so it's like sharing one bathroom with 8 people.
Izzy's place is the perfect location for those leaving to and from Logan airport, really short walking distance and a few subway stops to downtown Boston. We had a nice stay at Izzy's. The room was clean and Izzy provided a very detailed instruction of how to get to the house and everything we might need. If there's any downside I can think of is that there's only one washroom in the house and sometimes there's a wait time to use it due to the many other guests that stayed in the house. Overall, we barely have any issues and enjoyed our vacation at Izzy's place. Cheers! 
Staying at Izzy's was very convenient, especially because we had had all the information needed prior to our stay. The place was exactly as pictured. To me its location was definitely the winner, access to airport and subway was really easy. On top of that, the house was clean and well taken care of. Despite being situated in the basement, the room was also very nice and quite spacious. I liked how we had enough shelving to put our things. The only thing I wished to be different was that there was only one bathroom for all guests to share. 
The room was as advertised.  It was comfortable and clean.  The system for checking in and checking out was also very convenient.
"Great location, no need to take a subway or taxi to get there from the airport.
Perfect if you need to be close to the airport.
Beware room is very bright at night."
Parking situation was bad.  Very hard to find a spot. :-( So if you are driving I don't recommend.  On the positive side of things, the place was very clean and close to the airport.
had everything needed!
Everything was as described.  Izzy is a great host, even cooked us a delicious host and made sure all questions and concerns of ours were taken care of.  The apartment is in a great location for anybody visiting Boston.  Would highly recommend to anyone.
"Izzy's place is perfect! My friend and I really enjoyed our stay! Our room is located on the first floor of the house, and is very spacious and clean. The living room, kitchen and bathroom are all clean, spacious and cozy. Izzy offered various tea bags, coffee, chocolate, fruit, bread etc. which is very nice. This place really feels like home. 

Izzy's really warm and kind. He helped us carry luggage to our room and opened mistakenly closed room door early in the morning. The Italian seafood place he recommended, Rino's, is beyond delicious! We ordered some mussels and lobster ravioli. And, it's only one block away!

Overall, our stay in Izzy's place is lovely. It's close to transport station, which has shuttle buses that take you to the airport for only about 15 minutes and subways to the downtown area. 

I'll definitely recommend this place to my friends!"
"I was occupied during the day and only made it home around 11PM each night so I did not have a chance to meet the host. 
Nevertheless, the house was clean, and the room was spacious. In addition, I think the best thing about this place is the fact that the location was really convenient, about 6 minutes of walk along large street after getting off of the subway station (which also has free shuttles to airport). "
"The place was perfectly located for my airport transit and so easy to get to, especially with the detailed instructions that were provided by Izzy.  

The house is in cool neighbourhood and there is an excellent Mexican spot right around the corner (Angela's cafe).  All amenities I needed were provided.  The room had a controllable heater, so I could adjust the temperature myself.

Izzy is an awesome, cool host, who takes a genuine interest in his guests. "
"I had to make a last-minute and late reservation. Izzy was great, and the room was clean, comfortable and quiet. Just what I needed.
"
We didn't get to meet Izzy, but did meet his brother. The house and room were very clean and comfortable. We had everything we needed.
We had a good experience.  Very short in and out but it was great to be next to the airport.  Thanks
Absolutely no complaints about my stay. Very easy to access from the airport (walking) with great instructions that Izzy sent beforehand. Only met Izzy's brother. He was great, friendly and welcoming. The room had everything it needed to have. I was given a key to lock the room while I was gone during the day. Would highly recommend staying here!
We didn't get to meet Izzy, but the room was very nice and the location was good! Would love to come back.
I had to catch an early morning flight and needed a place to crash for one short night. This place was perfect as it was close to the airport (short walk to the airport shuttle stop). I did not get to meet Izzy but his brother was a good host. The room in the basement was clean, comfortable, warm and quiet. Highly recommended for convenience of airport access.
The room we stayed in was very clean and nicely appointed. Unfortunately I didn't meet the host, but I liked the idea of how it was managed. I would recommend to stay there and would definitely stay there the next time I'm around Boston. 
It was a really good time there. The host was really friendly and helpful. Definitely a good place to stay during a trip to Boston.
The place was great! I stayed earlier in the week and returned again on my return to Boston because the people are easy going and the place is cozy and quiet for getting work done.
It was perfect room for my business trip. I believe that Izzy chose that room for me as he considered the nature of my trip. It was very quiet as it was separate from other areas. I could rest well every night. The room temperature was perfect for my comfortable stay. The house was well-maintained and very clean. I strongly felt that it was a home away from home in that sense. Rosie was very nice. She baked a nice breadless cake for all of us with yogurt frosting and chocolate chips on top. I would love to stay at Izzy's again and again if I have more business trips to the area in the future. Thank you Izzy!
It's a great place to stay. The neighborhood is quiet and beautiful. The house is only 10-15 minutes away from the metro station. The room is spacious, clean  and comfortable. The bathroom is clean and big too. We can use kitchen freely. The whole experience is great. We will definitely stay there again next time when we visit Boston.
Room was exactly what listing posted. Had no problem finding location and host was very accommodating though we never formally met. Room even had a little heater and it was perfect for my stay. I would stay here again.
Good private accommodation. The room was exactly as mentioned.  Would highly recommend it.
"Una casa muy acogedora, muy cerca (a menos de 10 minutos andando) de la parada de metro donde se coge el bus shuttle (gratis, por cierto) que va al aeropuerto. La habitación estaba limpia, con su neverita, calentita, espaciosa y además en el piso de abajo, con lo que teníamos más intimidad.
Izzy no estaba pero nos facilitó toda la información para entrar sin problemas.
Esos días tenía 3 habitaciones más ocupadas con otros huéspedes, así que la única pega es que como hay un solo baño, había cola para ducharse a primera hora de la mañana. Todo lo demás, genial!"
The space was extremely comfortable and very cozy. Although I never saw Izzy during my stay there he did make me feel very welcome. It was very easy to find the place and it was also very simple to check in and get situated. Overall, it was a very nice stay and I plan on staying here whenever I come to Boston
Even though I never got to meet Izzy, the whole experience was great. The room is spacious, clean and cozy and exactly as mentioned. Had no problem finding location. Overall, it was a really nice stay. Thanks :) 
I had to book a last minute stay the day before and Izzy was really nice to give me immediate and fast response. He assured me I have that room although I had technical problems with Airbnb, again. Izzy was always responsive throughout my stay, though I didn't get to see him. I went there the day after the snow storm. Arrived at South Station. (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) taught me to walk 15 mins to the blue T line. But I took the silver line and then the free airport shuttle. It was actually better option considering my heavy luggage. I arrived the day after the snow storm. The distance from the airport subway station to the apartment wasn't far, but the excessive snow made it really difficult to walk. The pathways were narrow n the steps were hard to climb with my luggage. But by evening, it was nice that the snow were shoveled from the steps. I personally like the place a lot - homey and comfy and has everything I need. It's easy and fast to get to the airport n main attractions too.
We stayed with Izzy just for one night because it was close to Logan airport and I had a flight the next morning. He was really nice and the room was warm and comfy! Good location with parking. I would definitely recommend staying here!
"Izzy is a great host. He helped us with the luggage and was ready to answer us with any questions we may have had. He was in the house the whole week and he gave us plenty of privacy. We could use for free washer and dryer and the kitchen was always available. We had some trouble finding a car park because of the snow so we had to park 10-minute walk away from our street, anyway was also nice to hang out with the other airbnb guests and share cultures :) The bathroom was always available and also you could use towels and everything was clean. We could t really go around the neighbourhood but we were close to a cvs pharmacy, a grocery shop and the blue line station (airport stop).
I would definitely stay there again!!!"
Nice place, great location! Neighborhood is great, many local restaurants, cafés, etc. Close to downtown, 5-10 mins. Izzy has been a great host; welcoming and present to help his guests! We had an amazing time!
The place was right on, no surprises. Izzy was a nice guy, pretty laid back. The house was close to the subway, but the 5 blocks between the two would be a little unnerving to walk at night.
"Izzy was a gracious and generous host.  He was flexible with check-in and accommodating with all facets of our stay.  He even was able to help some other travelers who'd had a bad experience with another AirBNB host.  solid guy.

One detail to be aware of - there is only one bathroom shared amongst numerous guests.  If you're ok with a little bathroom sharing and potentially waiting in line, this is a perfectly fine place to stay.
"
Although we planned this trip to Boston quite spontaneous, we did not have any issues with finding an accommodation at Iyyz Jm's place. The direction from the public transportation were very straight forward and explained everything very well. Once we arrived at the place, we fount very clean, well-decorated, and welcoming rooms. A personal welcome note further helped us considering this place as our new home for two days. We shared the entire house with two other airbnb'ers, which were really nice and polite as well. Overall, I'm very happy I've fount this place and can certainly recommend it to everyone who doesn't want to spend a fortune for the hotels downtown!
It was a great location, very close to the airport and easy to find. The apartment was well-furnished. The room was clean and comfortable, and the bathroom was shared with other guests. Excellent stay! Highly recommend this listing!
I did a self check-in which went very smoothly as Izzy's detailed directions were very easy to follow. The house was very close to Airport Station, and the neighborhood was fine. Kitchen and livingroom were beautiful, my room in the basement was simple, clean, and comfortable. There was even a small space heater to keep me warm during the night. Everything was well-organized and welcoming. The other guests were very nice as well. I would definitely stay here again!
Everything was great--izzy was very detailed in his instructions and it was an easy stay!
"The place was as advertized - a private room, great price, close to the airport, etc. And while I am reluctant to give negative feedback I felt that Izzi is running an operation here that is not consistent with my values, and what I believe are the implicit values of the AirBnB ""community.""

The host actually does not live in the place, rather he lives out of state and has some caretaker changing the sheets and keeping the place clean. So in essence the place is a low security hotel or hostel - except with no management present to deal with any contingencies that might come up between guests. Given that there is shared intimate space the proprietor is relying on the generally good character of the ""AirBnB Community"" to make sure that nothing untoward occurs. Chances are that nothing untoward will occur, but it is an exposure.

What I also feel is happening in this sort of operation is that it is a business being run in a residential area - compromising the coherency of the neighborhood and riding on the infrastructure of legitimate hotels  (who pay hotel taxes, liability insurance, employment taxes, and other commercial fees) while not paying for the infrastructure that these taxes and fees pay for.

This is America, where entrepreneurial enterprise is rewarded. But this is also America where this can mean concentrating enterprise efforts on profit centers, and externalizing cost centers. The impacts of that externalization do not decrease the costs, they just end up in someone else in-basket.  My sense of conviviality eschews externalizing costs to the expense of the neighborhood or local businesses."
The space is nice enough and it's *great* value. I wouldn't say that the way that the host welcomed me was especially warm and friendly -- there was a form message that instructed me on how to get into the apartment. I think the message could be more personalized.
It was very nice, everything was fine and comfy, even though the host didnt stay at all in the house (no big deal)
Great location for the airport - however we couldn't go through the park as the gate was locked, which made getting to the airport for our early morning flight a little stressful. Otherwise - great room, great location and great price!
Close to the airport, affordable, hardly knew i was in someones house it was so quiet. Can't really ask for more for your stopover in Boston. Make sure you leave with plenty of time to go North of the East Boston Memorial Park if your flight is in the early morning as the gates will be chained. Going up the greenbelt trail i was able to make it to the T station in plenty of time.
Izzy's place was extremely convenient fir us since it's so clise to the airport and just twi subway stops away from downtown. we loved to see the "real" Boston in a cool, safe neighborhood, and also loved some of the restaurants nearby. Although we didn't get to meet Izzy, he was very accomodating to our needs. Would definitely recommend fir anyone looking for good value in Boston.
Izzy's communication is very good. All communication was done via text or AirBnB messaging. Directions and house details were well spelled out & clear. I was in the basement room of the 3 rooms he rents out. Everything is clean but spares. I would not consider it cozy but it was a very good value.
I did not see Izzy during my stay, but the check-in instructions delivered by email were very clear. The home is run much like a hostel - I was welcomed by a white-board on the door of my room.  Everyone else staying in the house was very nice and helped me feel at home. There are shared tea/coffee supplies, slippers, and a space heater for my room, all of which were nice touches! The neighborhood is Mexican-American, with many ethnic food choices. There was no great place for groceries or coffee, but Santarpio's pizza is the best in Boston and is within walking distance of the house (cash only - worth every penny!) The Government Center Station on the T is closed until 2016, which means you have to make at least 2 transfers to get anywhere downtown or in Back Bay.  Had I realized this before my stay, I would have probably stayed downtown. Taxi drivers grumbled about driving to East Boston because of the tolls and my Taxi/Uber fares for 2 days cost nearly $100. 
"Our stay was quite good at Izzy's place. Getting in touch with him was easy, he is very reachable and answers quickly to all the questions. We arrived really early in the morning but we managed to put our stuff in the house before the check-in. The location is perfect for people travelling from the airport - it's a 7 minutes walk to the subway station and a 10 min subway ride to downtown which is fine. 
The only problem with the house is that there is only one bathroom for 4 rooms, so it's kind of bothering when everyone wants to shower in the morning.
And -1 for the cleaning and the garbage that was not changed in the room after the ones that were there before us!
But overall it's a good price/value room, specially that it's in the basement so far from the other rooms."
I checked in at midnight. & left at. 9:00 am. The room & bathroom were very clean & quiet. Highly recommend it.
"The place is very close to the Airport T Station. So very convenient to travel around Boston. The listing was as described for the most part. I had the room in the basement. The bathroom was clean and so was the kitchen. 
I met Izzy on the second and he was very welcoming. Overall I was pleased with the place"
 I enjoyed my stay at Izzy's place. He gave me very detailed directions, so finding his place was a breeze. My room was in the basement which made it feel more private. The room had a fridge, mirror, towels, hangers and even slippers. Sharing a bathroom was a little tricky, but no one ever took too long.  The bathroom did need a bit of cleaning, especially the bathtub. Getting to and from downtown Boston was relatively easy once you get the hang of the subway system. The neighborhood was nice, we saw parents walking their kids to school in the morning and I felt safe walking late at night. Overall this is a great value. I would stay here if I'm ever in Boston again.
"Izzy is very friendly and he provided assistance when I was there ,which made us feel like living in our own home.
The room is clean and tidy. It was also convenient to go to downtown since it is close to the airport station, which take only a few stops to go downtown."
I booked this room for my mom and her friends, it the room downstair, Izzy write my name on the board in front of the door and makes me feel welcome. My mom and her friends said they like the room so i give 5 stars for it. 
"The ''self'' check-in was really easy.
The fact that there is just one bathroom for all the guests is not optimal but we manage to make it work.
Great location, really close to a subway station and it's easy to get to Downtown Boston."
We had a great stay at Izzy's place. The space was as described and in a super convenient location. There are lots of shops and restaurants within walking distance and is a short walk to airport station. We would definitely return!
I had an excellent experience at Izzi's place. It was my first Airbnb experience and he took time to explain everything before my arrival. When I arrived, he was very welcoming and easy to talk to. I also got along very well with his house manager, Victoria. They're both awesome people. The room was clean and welcoming. I liked being able to use the fridge and oven and just hang out in the living room. The location was ideal since it was within easy walking distance of the tram and airport, plus there are several good restaurants within a few blocks. I will definitely stay here again when I'm in Boston again.
Izzy responded to all messages quickly before the stay. He gave clear directions to property and how to get in. He offered me a place to leave my bag early in the day before check-in. The room was clean and comfortable with a fridge and fan. He was very friendly and offered me suggestions about where to go to dinner and when to leave for my early morning flight. There were many other guests in home and common area but all were polite and quiet. Overall, excellent stay and great value for the area.
"We had a nice time at Izzy's place, the description of his place was excellent and he provided a lot of nice hints for activities in the city. 
Generally he is a great host, really relaxed and very caring. There have been other AirBnB guest during our visit but the place was never crowded or overfilled."
Izzy made me feel at home.  He has a great place to stay. I highly recommend him.
Great location for next to the airport!  Very nice host!  Izzy was very accommodating with respect to check in and checking out.  It made our stay great!
Izzy was great! Very comprehensive instructions on how to get to his place from the airport; we arrived early, meaning to put our luggage in the hall but our room was already ready! He also lives ONE BLOCK away from the awesome Rino's Place - definitely go there and hv your italian meal! Izzy was also most kind to send us to the airport and carry my luggage (with one arm). Thank you Izzy! A pleasure to stay with you!
Very convenient location, about 10 minute walk to airport shuttle and rail. House was quiet and clean, easy in and out.
We arrived very late, but the home was easy to find and there was someone there waiting to great us. The room was as described, worked perfect for a quick sleep. 
izzy is a great host. He really makes sure everything is smooth for check-in, move out and luggage storage. All instructions are clear and straightforward. My flight got delayed and i arrived around 11.30 pm and didn't encounter any issues checking in.
Izzy nous a fait sentir très bien dès notre arrivée! Il nous a donné des informations et des suggestions sur quoi faire et où manger! Nous n'avons manqué de rien pendant notre séjour! :)
This was my second Airbnb experience. It was easy and uncomplicated. The neighborhood was fine and safe. Everything from grocery store to Metro station was in close walking distance. I will definitely stay at Izzy's again!
reach this place by Uber. It is good, clean and conformable. The room is in basement which I don't know before negotiate with the host. Still, house is good, clean. This is the most important!
I only stayed for one night. The room was really nice and Victoria was very helpful with everything :) I really enjoyed the stay.
We can recommend this accommodation. But you should know, this is not a "real" AirBnB experience. We didn't meet Izzy at our days in Boston. But this is not a negative point. If you read Izzy's description completely he mentions this. The house is more like a small hostel with lots of travellers than a private room. Unfortunately there is only one bathroom (one shower) which sometimes causes in problems at the morning. Our room and bathroom were clean. The location is a good point to explore the city and is not far away from the airport. Metro is 5 min away by foot. There are also some supermarkets and other shops not far away.
Izzy was great! Everything was organized properly and she gave clear instructions which made getting there and moving in to our room easy! Also we were lucky to have to room downstairs which allowed us to have a bit more privacy. Everything was well organized and clean even in bathroom and kitchen making us feel welcome.
"Hey Izzy,
thanks for having me in your apartment. I found it most convenient and it was just perfect for my purpose. I did like the area with the Mexican and specifically Columbian Restaurants!"
I didn't get to meet Izzy but he had a friend that greeted us. His place is nice but a little bit dusty. The room, kitche, bathroom, has everything you need. The bed is comfortable. It's a good space for two people. The neighborhood is so-so, our neighbors were having a reggae party that made it hard to sleep. 
Great place! Izzy had things explained and laid out really nicely, was very easy to find the place from the T station. 
"Great space. Cozy and right off the airport, very easy to find. I'd have stayed here even if we weren't arriving quite late but oh was it nice to get from the airport to the room in under 8 minutes (and $12 cab fare, with tip).  Nice, open kitchen and living room that we had no time to use, sadly.

Izzy has apple accommodations. Towels, sheets, kitchenware, even emergency toiletries in case you've forgotten yours. This was my first AirBNB trip and it certainly left a great impression."
I really liked the place! specially if you need to reach the airport early in the morning, this place is just a couple blocks away from the airport metro station! My room (D) was clean and huge, and I was welcomed at my arrival. The house has other people but it is very quiet and has really nice common areas! I would totally stay here again next time!!!
"Great space. Cozy and right off the airport, very easy to find. I'd have stayed here even if we weren't arriving quite late but oh was it nice to get from the airport to the room in under 8 minutes (and $12 cab fare, with tip).  Nice, open kitchen and living room that we had no time to use, sadly.

Izzy has apple accommodations. Towels, sheets, kitchenware, even emergency toiletries in case you've forgotten yours. This was my first AirBNB trip and it certainly left a great impression."
This is not a luxury hotel, but it was the perfect place for a night in Boston. It was very clean and easy to get to/from, and Izzy's assistant, Victoria was very helpful. I'd definitely recommend it for an inexpensive place to stay in Boston!
Muy buena ubicación si se viene desde el aeropuerto, muy cerca al centro, excelente limpieza, es una experiencia de hotel.
"Izzy was friendly. The house was fine.  The instructions were good.  I liked the ethnically diverse neighborhood, especially the Brazillian restaurant, Oliverias, and the Italian Place, Rino's.  There is also an amazing Candlepin Bowling (the original bowling with small wooden balls) Alley, called Central Park Lanes right down the street.  The house was fine, clean and well stocked.  We were in the basement which was comfortable, well furnished and clean.  I wish I had known I was going to get the basement room. I probably wouldn't have stayed there.  It was a little stuffy and the stairs down felt really narrow.  Luckily we were able to open the windows.  Cold air drops so it was also nice and cool in the basement. Overall, I would stay here again but request a room upstairs.
"
Although we didn't get a chance to meet Izzy everything was as described. The instructions provided were very clear and we had no trouble finding the place and the room. There are several rooms in the house which was actually more like a small youth hostel. There were other guests present using the shared facilities (kitchen/bath room/living room), however it was no issue. Sometimes there may be a waiting time for the bath room as there is only one. For us it provided what we were looking for: a place (VERY!) close to the airport to spend one night. The neighbourhood is not the most affluent one but we didn't feel unsafe at any time (weren't out at night though).
Overall, we were not too impressed with our stay. This is mainly due to a lack of communication between the host and us. We arrived after a very long journey, with no idea where we should go or how to proceed. We stumbled upon our room but never given our own key for our whole stay. The bathroom was inconveniently placed on a different floor to us and was shared with approx. 3 other guests, making for plenty of waiting time. The location is conveniently near the logan airport station and our room was in fact very nice and spacious making for a comfortable stay but it would have been a lot better if the host was actually there to help out.
"Nous avons bien aimer notre séjour en général! Boston est une super belle ville et l'emplacement du airbnb était parfait! Malheureusement Izzy n'a pas été présent à notre arrivée. Nous l'avons pas vu du tout pendant nos deux jours.

La chambre était généralement assez propre mais nous avons du changer les draps... Je vous conseil d'apporter vos propre draps et oreillers.

Aucun problème aussi avec les autres airbnbers."
Izzy was really helpful. He was constantly suggesting things to do and the best way to get from point A to point B. He was friendly and well informed. The room was clean and we enjoyed our stay very much!
Awesome, great dude he will have a drink with you tell you where to go and will share experiences with you would recommend 
"Séjour rapide à Boston, nous ne sommes restés qu'une nuit chez Izzy.
La chambre était propre, de même que les espaces communs.
Très bon accueil, instructions très claires pour accéder à la maison et à la chambre.
Ambiance sympathique avec les autres locataires Airbnb.
Localisation proche du Métro Airport, pratique pour rejoindre le centre, et pour y accéder depuis l'aéroport avec la navette bleue (1 station).
Nous recommandons vivement ce lieu !
Merci encore !"
还不错 房间在地下室  双人床 桌椅 卫生间干净 房主和其他房客都超好人
Nothing like "a private room" it's an outdated / renovation overdue house in a strange area/location. Room was dusty (Floor), staircase to the room in the basement was tiny. Somebody used the wash-machine (basement.....) at 1:45. As there wasn't an air conditioning, we had to leave windows open and got woken up often by either passing cars (windows face to the street) or talking people. Cut it short : the house is used to rent out the rooms, the friendly caring lady is taking care about things but the whole thing is commercial. Better add some money and go into a real hotel. Price isn't cheap either. Never again ! It's an abuse of Airbnb ! 
Pretty nice room. Izzy wasn't there but his assistant was very friendly. Location is just fine.
Great location. Nice neighborhood.  Blue line is within walking distance.   Logan airport nearby.  Perfect if you need to catch a flight.  Highly recommend.
Everything was as we expected. The bedroom was as the description says and even the bathroom was shared with the other guest it was clean. Also we had a very nice evening with Izzy and his friends.
"Did not meet Izzy, but his assistant was in the house when we arrived.
Izzy's instructions from Logan Airport to the house were spot on as were the instructions for entry. The room was just as advertised. No air con, but large room fan supplied and was ok. The remainder of the house had air con. Kitchen facilities very good, plenty space and hot water. No problems with the neighbour hood. We did plenty walking and sampled a couple of cafes and a restaurant which were great. Food mostly south and meso American.
Cheers  John and Jill  ( Scotland)"
The location is awesome, close to the heart of Boston and every tourist site. But the room didn't seem to be cleaned from the last tenant.
I never met Izzy. Instructions to get into the place were clear. It just took us a few minutes inside to figure out which was our room. It is set up a bit like a hostel, with 4 guest rooms in 1 house. The location was fantastic, within walking distance of the airport. The room was fine, though in a basement and a little humid. The house is in ok condition, with fairly old fixtures but clean. 
The house locates near the airport subway station and there is a small mart nearby. Fabiana is a friendly girl to help us get used to this house. The other roommates are friendly as well.
Izzy aime les gens et ça transparaît. Il est très accueillant et donne de très bonnes indications des endroits à visiter à Boston. Comme la station de métro Airport est située à cinq minutes du logement, nous avons pu laisser notre voiture stationnée toute la fin de semaine. C'est vrai, il y a beaucoup de voyageurs chez Izzy, mais la plupart save se comporter en société. Seul bémol, il n'y a qu'une salle de bain pour quatre chambres, ça peut créer des bouchons à certains moments dans la journée. 
This place was great. Clean, perfect location, cute neighborhood, and friendly host. Izzy was kind enough to chat with us when we arrived, provide recommendations for late night bars and food in the area, teach us about the transportation system and even give us beers after a stressful travel experience. Would definitely stay here again.
The host is very organized and helpful. It is a pleasant place to stay. Wish we could stay for more days. Maybe next time. :)
"We stayed for one night in Izzy's house. The room was clean and had everything we needed. Izzy and his father were friendly hosts. We enjoyed talking to them. 
The house is located in a nice neighbourhood and very close to the Airport and the city of Boston. 
We would stay with Izzy again."
Nice apartment, very convenient location. Host was very friendly.
Izzy was very welcoming. This was my first airb&b experience and it was a positive one. He is located in a great location close to the t metro system, which is great if your traveling to Boston and want to get around for cheap.
Everything was as mentioned. The host was very friendly. The house is in a really great neighborhood, some of the best mexican food aboit 2 blocks away. The bed was a futon, not the most uncomfortable but still not a bed if that is what you require.  Had a great time!
Great location with good amenities. Izzy was helpful and informative. The house is more like a hostel but perfect for a couple days stay in Boston.
The house is near the airport and the neighbourhood is a nice area with many (but expensive) cornershops. The check-in procedure was conveniant and the room and the house is well equipped. If  you want to get downtown, you can get a free ride with the silver line from the airport, which inbound-service is always for free. We had a pleasant stay!
Everything was easy and as described. Perfect location for an early morning flight out of Logan.
Todo perfecto y acorde a lo que pactamos. Izzy nos explicó a la perfección como llegar a su casa y estaba el cuarto listo cuando llegamos. Buena experiencia y muy recomendable la casa!!
I don't think it was a good experience. The room was in the basement, while the bathroom was on the ground floor. The heater in the room was not functioning well. Don't think it was worth the money. 
Great spot for proximity to airport!  If headed to room from downtown on subway, be sure to walk over bridge to other side of tracks while still in the station!  Dont walk out of the wrong exit out of station!  Cause they you will have a long walk!  But if you walk over bridge and take the right exit you are a short walk.  Free shuttle from subway station makes this great for catching early morning flights.  Seems like a high volume rate of guests here so definitely has a hostel feel.  Great for leisure travrlers.
It was a great experience! The apartment is very well placed, close to the airport, 10 minutes walking. It was absolutely clean! I didn't meet Izzy, but was very welcomed by a guy who works with him. The room is placed in the basement and there are a toilet and a bathroom sink. There is no other placed to stay. This private room is the best option in Boston.
"L'amfitrió no va contestar cap dels meus e-mails ni missatges abans d'arribar.
L'habitació era tal i com es descriu a l'anunci i estava neta. Però les zones comuns estaven un pèl deixades. Bona ubicació "
I did not meet Izzy during my recent stay in Boston, however he had very detailed instructions on how to access the house, where to find parking, as well as check-in/check-out instructions, so everything went smoothly. The room was as advertised, clean, and well equipped, with easy access to the airport. Overall, it fit my needs of a convenient/reasonably priced place to stay for 1 night. 
Wonderful stay, beautiful room, close to airport 
We did not meet Izzy, but the instructions and listing information gave us all the info we needed. It was all we needed for 1 night close to the airport. The house seemed busy, with someone sleeping on the couch when we left.
The experience was great. It was a self check in airbnb, which is the first time I'd ever done that. The directions to get into the place were very clear and easy to follow. The location was right by the airport station on the blue line of T, a six minute walk total. The room was clean and the house was inviting. Great stay!
The neighborhood looks quiet but I felt safe. The house was nice and clean as shown in the picture. It was also pretty convenient to get from place to place as the train station is just a few blocks away. Although I didn't get to meet Izzy, from the conversation we had through messages, he was very understanding and nice. Our housemates are kind too. Overall, my friend and I did have a good experience in Boston. Thank you for letting us stay, Izzy!
"Was able to score this place at the last minute. Very easy peasy to access to this place from Logan Airport. She left detailed instructions on how to find/access to this house.

What's even better is that I was allowed to leave my bag here after checking out so I could check out Boston before departing. That's an A plus in my book.

Would recommend to  my friends."
"Good house and clean room! Awesome
"
Great room, had all necessities that we needed. We didn't get to see Izzy, but was not a problem. Excellent experience.
Very good
Our stay was great! We arrived much later than anticipated but the instructions for the self check in were easy to follow and we were fast asleep in no time at all. Great setup, everything is labeled and it is a warm atmosphere. We really enjoyed ourselves! Thanks a bunch! 
Very efficient and well run home. Easy to get to from public transit.
The room was very cozy and nice with all the necessary utilities like portable heater, towels, blankets, etc. I enjoyed my stay a lot.
I didn't get to meet Izzy but we exchanged some messages and he seemed to be really nice, the room was cozy and clean, I would definitely stay at this place again.
Room is nice an clean with all the necessary utilities. Just a few stops from the city center with a train. Overall a great experience and highly recommended.
The only thing I messed up was not looking at the page of information after we booked. All the information you need to check in and get settled into your room was all there. I did call Izzy and he responded promptly through phone or text. The room was secluded and the place was quiet. I recommend Rino's restaurant, which is like 5 minutes from Izzy's!! Definitely recommend staying here.
I was in the basement room so it was a bit cold but there was a nice portable heater and a small refrigerator. It had nice shelving to hang your clothes and a clean bed. Overall, a great place to stay. Thank you!
This was our first experience with Airbnb and it was amazing! We had the room in the basement which was very private, clean, and warm on one of the coldest days in Boston. There was a space heater we could use which helped, on the day it was -30 degrees Celsius outside. There were also clean extra blankets, lots of pillows and the bed was very comfortable and clean as well. The host also provided us with clean towels, and we were able to lock our door for privacy. The lady we talked with was also very kind and friendly. The location is also very close to the airport subway station, which makes it easy to get around. I would definitely stay here again thank you so much for your hospitality!  
Izzy's home is really well located in a nice neighbourhood with easy access to the airport and downtown Boston. However we found it a bit strange that we didn't meet Izzy once - we like to choose our hosts based on their personal profile as well as the room listing so this was a bit disappointing. The lady who was there was very sweet and showed us where everything was but we didn't really click so we didn't spend much time at all in the communal areas. The room is spacious with plenty of natural light and was fairly clean, however there was a really loud vent that came on and off all the time, I'm not a particularly light sleeper but it often woke me and there were no ear plugs provided or option to turn it off as it heats the whole house. Overall we had a fine stay, it was a lot more like a bnb (without the breakfast) or a hostel than a home, but it was all ran professionally and other than the noise we had no real problems.
Pleasant one night stay at Izzy's home. The bed was comfortable, the room (and house overall) was very clean, and directions for check-in were clear. Amazing value!
The apartment was cozy and clean and came with all the necessary utilities. The basement room also included a small heater and refrigerator. Overall a pleasant experience and would stay here again.
I had a great stay at Izzy's. The apartment is easy to access and the self check in was a breeze. The room was comfortable and private, and all the amenities were clean and organized. I had a lovely breakfast with Rosa, who made fresh bread, and the other guests. Definitely a great choice when traveling through Boston!
The stay at Izzy's was just what I needed.  Communication was quick and easy, I was able to drop off my luggage early, the room was clean and as advertised.  Great location for me going to the airport and was able to immediately catch an Uber even at 4 in the morning.
Very nice private room. For the price, it's unbeatable. Not really central, but close to T station (blue line). Nice clean bathroom, cozy space. Would stay again.
This was our second time stay although on a different room which turned out even better. There was so much privacy since the room is downstairs with a (URL HIDDEN)'t meet Izzy this time but Rosa was sweet and helpful too. Highly recommend this place.
"I had a great stay at Izzy's place. Izzy was quick and helpful in communication. The instructions for getting into the house and finding the room were very clear and worked, no problem. We locked ourselves out of our room at one point and the woman watching the house had a spare which was a relief.

The room and house were as described and very comfortable. I slept really well! The neighborhood was lovely and getting to and from the subway was very easy and convenient to the rest of Boston."
This was a cozy room with a comfortable bed. We felt very welcome. Great location if you're coming in from the airport. Izzy was really helpful.
"Très pratique pour allez à l'aéroport !
Chambre agréable ;)"
Host house was very clean and welcoming! Our room was spacious and the bed was very comfortable. We were in Boston for Pax East this weekend, and so were away from the host home for a vast majority of the time. The neighborhood was quiet, with a nice park nearby which lead directly to public transit, and was only about a 36 minute commute to the convention center via bus. We hope to attend PAX again next year, and Izzy's place just might have to be our same choice!
I arrived late at nite and did a self check-in, leaving early the next morning for a flight out of Logan. Everything was as described, no problems with the checkin-in or anything else. Perfect place to stay if you have an early morning flight.
If you're looking for a clean, quiet place for a stopover in Boston near the airport, this is the place! I was quite pleased with my stay! Just minutes from the airport in a quiet, working class neighborhood dotted with great restaurants and markets. Our basement room was clean and quiet. The house was full but all the other guests were polite and friendly. The common areas were clean and inviting. Izzy provides quick and simple self check-in and check-out instructions. We walked to a great restaurant, Rino's, from Izzy's place. Great home base in Boston!
Izzy's place was great. Good price, conveniently located, easy to find and get into.
It was amazing to stay in Izzy's place. The house was beautiful clean and organized! Highly recommended!
Great place to stay near the airport and easy to get downtown. The self check-in was perfect for us so we didn't have to disturb anyone getting in from a late flight. Izzy was great at responding to all of our questions and making the reservation for us.
Izzy wrote a welcoming message on the door of our room.  There are two other renters and it was enjoyable meeting and talking with them.   We never met or spoke with Izzy but talked with a women who tried her best to assist us but could not.  The room was fine but the experience was negatively affected by the difficult parking.  Most streets are two hours only unless you have a sticker.  We spent too much time trying to find nearby overnight parking and there was none. After much frustration, we finally located parking about 1/2 mile away.  We had use of the kitchen for breakfast, but the pots and pans for cooking were not as good as we might have liked.  In summary, the room was fine but the parking and kitchen made this a negative experience.
Wonderful. Close to the airport and easy to get here. Lots of stores open even at night. Safe and quiet neighborhood, clean and comfortable bedroom. I really enjoy my stay in Boston.
We liked our stay even though it was just for one night. Very close to the airport.
Very close to the airport, clear directions. Nice one bedroom with bathroom upstairs. Host was efficient! An AC unit would have been helpful! 
Great location, comfortable room, clean common areas, friendly guests, easy check-in. Not a five-star resort, but if you want a clean,  comfortable bedroom for the night it's great!
Check-in/check-out was easy and it waa easy to get to the house from the metro station which took me only 5 mins or even less. The house was clean but only problem was that there was only one bathroom but other than, the house is a perfect place to stay. 
I was happy to find a sort of communal hostel upon my return from nine months of backpacking thru South America. There was no way I was going to stay in some awful franchise but I wanted something near the airport for a late night arrival after long international flights. I was very happy with my stay - the room was comfortable and the shared facilities were well organized and welcoming. Because I was jet lagged I went straight to bed but would have otherwise been interested in spending time with the other travelers staying here. Additionally there were a number of Salvadoran restaurants that looked  great - cheap and cheerful - so you can have tasty ethnic food just minutes from the door. The neighborhood is safe and friendly - it's a low income Hispanic residential section of town - and I enjoyed walking around smiling and waving to the locals sitting on their stoops.
I spent three nights here and enjoyed my stay. I never saw the host, and there were other guests staying at the house. I don't think anyone actually lives here and the house is used for air bnb, but I'm not entirely sure. The location is super convenient to the airport and to the T that gives you access to the City of Boston. Family neighbourhood that was very quiet. The bed is super comfortable and the interent was great.  Izzy also kindly let me store luggage in the house during the day before my early evening flight.
"I was very thankful to find this place.  I was stranded over night in Boston, and this place was available and within walking distance of the airport (after the free shuttle ride to the train station). 

I never saw Izzy or anyone else. It's a little pricey for the quality, and smells like animal in one area, but it was exactly what I needed, when and where I needed it! "
The house was easy to find from the airport train staton, just a quick walk through the park. On our first night we met friends for dinner and after dropping off our things, I noticed a sign on the park gates saying 'closed at 11 pm'. We had a bit of a rush to make it back in time and got off the T at 10.56! I am not sure how observant they are of the park closing times, but it's something to keep in mind. The basement room was clean, comfortable and private, which I appreciated. Having one bathroom for a house with 4 bedrooms meant that there was often a wait for the shower/ toilet, but we managed. There were plenty of Boston brochures and maps about the house for guests to use, which was handy, great to help us decide how to use our three days in town. The house was clean and welcoming, with the hand towel and bath mat seemingly changed daily. The shower did need a bit of a clean though the rest of the bathroom as spotless. we could have done with a towel rail or some kind of hooks on which to hang our towels in our room. Otherwise despite the heat, they could be slow to dry. We loved the fact it wa just 3 stops from the action, so getting in in the morning and home at night was such a simple and quick process. Very happy withour stay.
Super
The house is clean and our room was just as described. It is very close to the metro station and only a few stops away from downtown. The instructions to get to the house from the airport were also very helpful and easy to follow. Izzy was very helpful with suggestions for things to do in Boston. We had the opportunity to interact not only with him but with his assistant Fabi and other gusts as well. Everyone was very nice and polite. If you're looking for a clean and affordable place to stay in Boston, Izzy 's place is definitely a good option. 
Me and my wife rented this room for 1 night.Location was good, near to the airport. The room and common spaces were clean. I highly recommend.
Property was easy to find, extremely clean, very safe, and convenient to the airport and rental car areas.  Much easier than staying at a hotel nearby for more money.  Izzy was very easy to reach and a great host!
"nothing what I expected !
we start from the position..the house is in a very bad boston district where there is nothing and there live exclusively Latinos (hispanic district) ! the metro is a 10 min walk but if you come back late at night you have to go for strength to a park where there are not recommended subjects . we had always come back soon because we were afraid something happened to us ! neighborhood dirty, ugly people , no restaurant !
as it regards the room was in the basement ... with a small WC designed in under 1 meter scale .
all very dirty and very poorly maintained.
nobody helped us by giving us indications
terrible experience ."
"The house uses a self check-in way, the guest can follow the instruction  the host sends before arrival, it was easy and simple. The place is very clean, and we saw a shelf with all those clean towels. we stayed at the first floor, but since one has to go upstairs to get into the house, you have to go downstairs to get into this bedroom. But there are windows and light can get into the bedroom. 

The owner was not in the house, but there are stickers with instructions on them all over the house, so it was very convenient. The owner's friend also lives in that house, so she can help guests with what they need."
"My wife and I had a great experience while staying with Alex and Bob. The house is very organized and the room was great. Everything was very clean and the decoration was very beautiful. 
The neighborhood is nice and the house is near restaurants, pubs and markets where you can purchase whatever you need. The T is not far: about 15 minutes walking.
The hosts were caring and were always thinking about our necessities and about how they could make us comfortable. 
Alex and Bob are both great guys and our stay couldn't have been better!! Alex was our host during our stay. He's an amazing human being and was always there for us.
Thank you so much, guys.
I hope we can see you again soon."














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































